you know when you get old in life things
get taken from you that's just part of
life you only learn that though when you
start to lose those things that's when
you find out that life's a game of
inches as is rummy because in either
game life or rugby the margin for error
is so small I mean 1/2 step too late or
too early and you don't quite make what
half second too slow or too fast and you
don't quite catch it the inches we need
are everywhere around us they're in
every break of the game every minute
every second in this game we fight for
that inch in this game we tear ourselves
and everyone else around us to pieces
for that inch we claw with our
fingernails for that inch because we
know that when we add up all those
inches that's going to make the
difference between winning and losing
between living and dying and I tell you
this in any fight it's a man who's
willing to die who's gonna win that inch
and I know if I'm gonna have any life
anymore
it's because I'm still willing to fight
and die for that inch because that's
what living
is the six inches in front of your face
you've got to look at that man next to
you look into his eyes now I think
you're gonna see a man who will go that
inch with you you're going to see a man
who will sacrifice himself and the Dean
because he knows when it comes down to
it you're gonna do the same for him
that's the definition of a team when
either we play as a team or we will die
as individuals
let's Rugby my friends that's the
Heineken Cup
[Applause]